---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

This week we gave our presentation on preswald, and I made progress on my personal contribution to jolpica.
<!--more-->
On wednesday this week, we finally gave our presentation on how our contributions to preswald have been going over the past couple months. I think the presentation went quite well, we were well prepared and practised, and articulated our story pretty well. Jack wanted us to meet up the day before to have a practise run, which at first I didn't really think was necessary, but afterwards realised was quite valuable as we were able to make sure we didn't go over the time limit and word our thoughts better. I think the class found our journey quite interesting as there were lots of questions about the project and how our experience was. Since we were the first to present, I was a bit nervous, but overall was quite pleased with how it went.

We also got to watch the presentation on Huggingface, which was a project that I was interested in as I have used their transformers library in the past. When I first heard that they were working on this I was surprised as it seemed to be a very sophisticated and complicated project to work on as university students. Nonetheless, they were able to make some actual code contributions which I found very impressive. I think in the future I might myself try to contribute to this project if I have a time.

As for my own individual contributions, I have spent the past couple weeks looking into a open source formula 1 database and api called jolpica. So far, I made a documentation fix to the readme, updating some outdated instructions. I also made a discussion post proposing a way to implement driver of the day statistics into the database. My proposal is to write a script to scrap web data and deliver it in a machine readable format. The maintainer responded by saying that I could go ahead and do this if i was able to propose a way to integrate the data into the current database schema. Since I have little experience working with databases, I do feel a bit overwhelmed, but am currently reading over the documentation and furthering my understanding of the project. I plan to spend the next couple weeks working on this so I can make my feature implementation.