---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

This week we watched some more presentations by other groups, and finally got a couple of our PRs merged.
<!--more-->
Not to much to report on this week, but I really enjoyed learning more about what people have been up to over the span of this course. I found it interesting how so many seperate groups ended up working on the same project (Oppia). I suppose it seemed appropriate to work on as a first project when they were researching back in Februrary. However, I noted that they realised it wasn't as perfect as it seemed when they got more acquainted, and encountered some issues with the community. I think this reinforces the notion I had that it is very important to pick a project well before committing to it. I also enjoyed the presentation on Lucide, though I noted that some members of that team encountered rude/unprofessional maintainers and how that made them less willing to continue working on the project after finishing this class. I think this is Luicide's loss as they actually made a lot of cool contributions and it struck me as ungrateful to treat voluntary contributors with disrespect.

In terms of our Preswald contributions, we finally got a bunch of our PRs merged successfully which felt great. It's so cool going through the official main branch of the project and seeing features that we wrote being there, such as the latex function and the plotly download button. Also the maintainers just let us know that they released preswald on pypi.org and producthunt, so we now are official part of an offical released product! 